feat(Model): add classes for Model Mappings (#544)
Geode-solutions/OpenGeode: upgrade-guide.md

# Upgrade Guide

## Upgrading from OpenGeode v11.x.x to v12.0.0

### Motivations

TODO

### Breaking Changes

> - **Mapping**: Header file `<geode/model/representation/builder/copy_mapping.h>` no more exists, use `<geode/model/representation/core/mapping.h>` instead. Moreover, the class `ModelCopyMapping` cannot be forward declared anymore. Add the correspondign include in your files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mapping**: Header file `<geode/model/representation/builder/copy_mapping.h>` no longer exists, use `<geode/model/representation/core/mapping.h>` instead. Moreover, the class `ModelCopyMapping` cannot be forward declared anymore. Add the corresponding include in your files.
```
